✓ >> I don’t understand the paragraph at p. 5, l. 522-525 “We take
advantage of the fact …” Look @

✓ >> Section 3.1 seems to me more about “Semantic equivalence” than
“Implementation correctness”.

✓ >> Register to mKW conf.

>> Kanae. Neither will be there to present. How shall we Zoom.
Prerecorded. We found that you should use periods in captions.

>> The authors emphasize the variadic functions.

(That said, in the abstract I would stress that you refer to the host
language: “We describe how an additional feature of the host language
…”)

>> The title of the paper, however, is more in line with its content.

It is true that without variadic functions it wouldn’t be possible to
define an “ergonomic” version of the conj and disj operators.

However, this is just surface syntax, after all: the difference
between a variadic function and a function taking a list as an
argument.

We are talking about implementing a shallow embedded dsl in a
functional host; and an ergonomic embedding is a matter of issue.

>> When making considerations about performance, I think it is
important to support them with some empirical evidence to make them
stronger.
>> For instance, if I correctly understand, there is a difference
between left-associative and right-associative implementations of
conjunction, so it would be nice to have an empirical comparison of
these two alternatives.
>> Authors claim that they can avoid extraneous closure allocation:
This fact should be carefully measured and the fact that lesser
closure allocations improve performance should be empirically proved.
(I believe that that proposition is indeed true)
>> It should be carefully measured how another implementation of
conjunction/disjunction/conde will affect the order of the search.
There is a chance that for a specific set of benchmarks the new
implementation will be faster in small, but in large will lead search
engine to less useful branches more often, and overall performance of
the search may be worse than before. I believe that careful
benchmarking will make the paper much better.

>> The paper is very technical and hard to follow for a
non-superexpert reader as I am.
